Update Razor output for version 6 (#22010)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/razor-pages/ui-class.md

  dotnet build RazorUIClassLib
  ```

> In ASP.NET Core 6 and later versions, the build output contains *RazorUIClassLib.dll*. In earlier versions, the build output contains two assemblies: *RazorUIClassLib.dll* and *RazorUIClassLib.Views.dll*, which contains the compiled Razor content.

Reviewer: Could version it (feel free to edit this comment directly) ...

```suggestion
::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-6.0"

The build output contains `RazorUIClassLib.dll`.

::: moniker-end

::: moniker range="< aspnetcore-6.0"

The build output contains `RazorUIClassLib.dll` and `RazorUIClassLib.Views.dll`. `RazorUIClassLib.Views.dll` contains the compiled Razor content.

::: moniker-end
```

> In ASP.NET Core version 6.0 or later, the build output contains `RazorUIClassLib.dll`. In versions of ASP.NET Core earlier than 6.0, the build output contains `RazorUIClassLib.dll` and `RazorUIClassLib.Views.dll`. `RazorUIClassLib.Views.dll` contains the compiled Razor content.

Reviewer 2: Can you revert this and I'll make those changes in #22013

In this repo, we never say in version x and later ...
In previous version ....

We use monikers. That was a decision the PU made with V 1.0
